 "I'm an author. I write stories. My stories are about people in their twenties and thirties and fifties and sixties and seventies." What do you do? I write. I'm an author. I've written about seven books. They're all about people in their twenties and thirties and fifties and sixties and seventies. I'm from England and I've lived in London for the past forty years. I was born in London and I've lived here most of my life. What are your favorite things to do? I like to walk. I like to read. I like to write. What are your favorite books? I like books by people like John Steinbeck, Ernest Hemingway, Tennessee Williams, Tennessee Williams, Tennessee Williams. I like books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like books by people like Tennessee Williams. What do you like to read? I like to read. I like to read fiction. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. What do you like to read? I like to read. I like to read fiction. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. What do you like to read? I like to read. I like to read fiction. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. What do you like to read? I like to read. I like to read fiction. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. What do you like to read? I like to read. I like to read fiction. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. What do you like to read? I like to read. I like to read fiction. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. What do you like to read? I like to read. I like to read fiction. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. What do you like to read? I like to read. I like to read fiction. I like to read books by people like Tennessee Williams. I like to read books by people like